there re two things I
didn't know that I wish did.
The first thing was that your
mother was in that classroom.
The second thing?
Well,to explain tt, we have to go
back to the beginning of the summer,
when,after a ye of wrestling with
their feelings for each other,
Barney and Robin finally,well...
Lily,volume. Use your indoor "whoo."
Sorry,whoo!
It's jt they kissed!
They're finally a couple.
Oh,my God,you guys! This
is our first double date!
First of millions! What if our
kids get married? Oh,I love this!
Yeah... Lily,listen.
Barney's awesome.
Ron's more than just awe
-"some."
She's awe-"quite a bit."
She's awe-"a whole darn lot."
Wait,what are you saying?
We're just not feeling it right now.
- But we'll totally still be friends.
- Oh,yeah.
Is it something I did?
- Oh,no,no,no, no,God,no.
- No,no,no.
- Lily,it's not you. It'ss.
- Yeah. It's us.
You understand,right?
Sure,of course.
As long as you're happy, I'm happy.
We were gonna takecooking and we were
gonna go on camping trips together
and then we were gonna sit around telng funny stories
about our cooking lessons and our camping trips.
I know,I know.
So,has the boat sailed
onex tonight or...
After that,the summer
went by way too fast.
Until all of a sudden, it was the Friday
before my firsday as a college professor.
- Whoa,what's this?
- Oh,boy.
It's just a little
something that we got for you
that used to belong to my
favorite professor of all time.
A fedora.
I'm Indiana Jones! I'm Indiana Jones!
That,my friend, is the Dinator 8000,
the best bullwhip on the
market, according to my whip guy.
Yeah,I have a whip guy.
You know what we should do? We should...
Finish ourrinks,go out in
the alley,and whip stuff.
God,you just get me.
Okay,I should get going. I got a date.
Oh,are you still seeing that guy?
Uh,even better, seeing him naked. What!
I should go,too.
I hooked up with this Chinese girl
last night, and I don't know,it's weird.
I already feel like seconds.
Okay,Ted,you got first whip!
All right.
Hey,dummy. What did tell
you about smoking in here?
Make him whip the habit!
I'so excited about this
whip! I got whip fever!
Just whip him,Ted! Don't
even aim! Just whip him!
I am so sorry.
No,it's just the whip's not a toy,Ted.
There's such a thing as
common sense,you know.
Hey,you can whip me if you want.
I will,some other time.
-=http://sfile.ydy.com=-
proudly presents
sync:ßÇÈâÈâ
How I Met Your
Mother Season05 Episode01
So,how long has this been going on?
All summer.
I knew it! I knew it! I knew it!
You guys are boyfriend and girlfriend.
- Wow,no. Whoa,whoa,whoa,Lily.
- Girlfriend?
- Slow your roll there,Lilypad.
- Yeah,yeah.
You've been together
all summer. I dot get it.
Okay,it's like this.
After we kissed, we sat
down to have the talk.
We should figure out what this is.
Yes,we should. Or. Or...
Okay,now, we have to figure this out.
Yes,we do. Or. Or...
We kept trying to have the talk and
then we realized we hate the talk.
Yeah,the talk sucks.
You have to,like,talk.
And be all, "I don't know.
"It's not that I don't like you.
"It'sust that I haven't had a girlfriend "in a
really ng time. I hope it doesn't make you mad."
- Who needs it?
- You needs it.
Guys,you can't just keep hooking up and not at
least try and fire out what you mean to each other.
Yeah,we knew you would say that.
That's why we kept it a secret.
We,that and the fact that
elaborate lies really turn us on.
No,no,no. No.
You need tdefine the relationship.
You ne to have the talk.
Or. Or.
I know what you're all thinking.
"Who's this cool peer of
mine up in front the class?"
Well,I know the board says "Professor
Mosby," but to you I'm Ted,huh?
Question. Awesome. Hit it.
Yeah,here's my question. "Ted,"
who the hell do you think you are?
Yeah,"Ted." We're supposed to learn
from you? You failed as an architect.
Well...
And if you're a professor,
where's your h and your whip?
They're at home.
And where are your pants?
Oh,God. Barney,it was
awful. I was teaching...
Shh,Ted,now's not a good time.
Whe do you keep your condoms?
******
ay,look,mistake #1 was
taking that girl's question.
You don't ta questions on the
first day. It shows weakness.
Mist ake #2 was you should've hit that.
Dude,your pants were already off, u had a
classroom full of people to cheer you on,
and you n't knock her
up 'cause it's a dream.
Class dismissed.
Mist ake #3,dude,where was the hat?
Because if y're not going to
wear it, I'm taking it back.
I think what Barney's saying is
that definitions are important.
You're their teacher, not their friend.
- Exactly.
- ****nobody's happy.
Amen.
- You have to ma things clear.
- Run tell dat.
- Define the relationship.
- Yes! No!
Lily,private convo time.
Lily,can't you just let us be happy?
You're notappy.
You just think you're happy
because you feel happy.
- And that's not happy?
- Of course not.
You and Robin need to have the talk.
Why? Give me one good reason.
- I'll give you 20...
- Wow,you can't even think of one.
Headlights. Deer.
Lily,for the last time, things with me and
Robin are as good as they can possibly be.
Oh,hey,look,Brad's here.
I've got two tickets to the
Rangers/Canucksame tomorrow night.
I know you're a hockey
fan, so I was tnking...
What do I have to do?
Put a gun to your head?
- Buy you a six ck?
- Oh,come on,Brad,that's...
Wow,there's really six of them.
- Uh,t,uh,I can't.
- Why not? You have a boyfriend?
- No. No,no boyfriend.
- Great! It's a date.
- Hey,Barn.
- Hey,Br...
********
***nht,Robin and Brad
went to a hockey game.
You're probably wondering
why I've been quiet all night.
Damn it,Hordichuk!You miss
another gimme like that,
I'm gonna come down there and put a
slapper right up ur beerhole! Come on!
Not really.
The truth is, I-I feel kind
of weird being out with you.
Oh,man. Is this the talk?
- What?
- No,this is od.
Let's get it all out of the way.
Robin,I'm looking for something serious.
No,Brad,no,it's...
But before we go any further, you should
know something about my stuff below the belt.
I was born a little different.
God,no,uh, Brad,no,um...
- This iabout me and Barney.
- You and Barn...
Oh,oh,so you, you guys are...
Well,we-we-we don't know what we are.
I mean,my heart says "leap into it."
My brain says "it's a bad idea."
Sounds like you guys
need to have the talk.
We're not gonna have the talk!
Would you just have the talk,okay?
It's a five-minute conversation, and then
you get to have sex afterwards. It's great!
Back me up,Ted.
- I don't think the talk is necessary.
- What?
Thank you,Ted.
- Because Robin is already his girlfriend.
- What?
MacLaren's Bar, four years ago...
How do you keep a girl from
becoming your girlfrien Simple:
the rules for girls are the same
as the rulesfor gremlin "Gremlins"?
Gremlins.
*******never get them wet.
In otherords,don't let her
take a shower at your place.
******keep them
away from sunlight--
i.e.don't ever see them during the day.
And rule # never feed
them after midnight.
Meaning she doesn't sleep over and
you don't have breakfast with her ever.
What about brunch? Is brunch cool?
No,Ted. unch is not cool.
Ok,new topic. How do I pick a tie?
mple: remember in the movie Predator...
I've done all three of
those things with Robin.
Is she my girlfriend?
Just once,wish you guys
would call me on Tuxedo Night.
Ladies and gentlemen, time to pucker
up for the New York Rangers Kiss Cam!
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
Okayhow about this?
If you kiss me and you feel bad about
it, you're meant to be with Barney.
Why not? Lay it on me.
Kiss!
Hey,Bd.
Brad,we can't fight like this all night!
We both got some good shots
in. Let's call a truce!
It's oy,dude.
I shouldn't go kissing
some other guy's girlfriend.
Whoa,whoa,whoa,
whoa,girlfriend? He come on.
- That's putting it a bit strongly.
- A bit strongly. She's no *******
A gifriend's a bit much,Brad,okay?
Okay,seriously. We're at the
point of physical violence.
Now,will you ease have the talk?
Because of that? Come on. That's thing.
I'm always punching guys.
Girls-- I'll punch
a baby. I don't care.
Finally,my first clas had
arrived. For real this time.
I knew I had to make a strong iression.
I had thought of everything. Except...
Wait. Does professor have one
"F" or two? Oh,my God. Oh,my God.
Professor. Pro-fess-or.
They're all starg at me.
Professor. Uh,I don't
know. Ju do something!
Two "F's." That looks
right. I think that's right.
Hey,sorry I went little
too far last night.
Oh,look,we've been over this. Unless I
say "fl gelhorn," you haven't gone too far.
No,meant punching Brad.
Oh,right. Look, don't even
worry about it. It's...
God. The doorknob's broken
off. We're locked in here.
Did,did you do this?
- No.
- Fl gelhorn. Did you do this?
No.
Ted? Ted,are you out there?
Ted's not here,Robin.
Lily,let us out of here.
I'd be glad to.
Just as soon as you and
Barney have the talk.
Lily! Co on. Let us out!
No. Sit down, define the relationship, write
down that definition on a piece of paper,
slip it under the door, and if
I like what I read, you can go.
We are not having the talk!
Then you'll die in there.
You're gonna lock us in
here? Well,guess what?
Maybe we'll spend the
whole day having sex!
Well,guess at?
I brought Marshall with me,
so maybe we'll do the same.
Hey,guys.
I stilhadn't decided what kind of professor
I wanted to be-- authoritative or cool guy.
I thought I would decide in the moment.
**********
Goodorning. 'Sup,dudes? Silence!
This is Architecture
101. I am Professor Mosby.
But you can call me Ted.
Professor Mosby. T-Dawg.
Do not call me T-Dawg.
Ner take questions on the
first day. It shows weakness.
Also, don't look right here.
Okay,good luck. Byesies.
This was it: my crossroads moment.
What kind of professor was
I gonna be I had to decide.
Please save all your qstions until the
end of the lecture. Thank you! Now...
Professor Mosby d arrived.
Of course,if I had taken
that girl's question--
who,by the way,was not your
mo Your mom was sitting...
Wait,let me finish this story al quick.
Here's what that girl wod have said.
I'm sorry to bother you,Professor
Mo but this isn't Architecture 101.
This is Economics 305.
You're in the wrong classroom.
Yes,I was in the wrong classroom.
And thus began the most
humiliating ven minutesof my life.
Here's your
ink-about-it for the day.
Every single person in this
room is already an architect.
Architt?
"We're just hanging out."
Just hanging out?
- Not good enough.
- Not good enough!
Can anyone here tell me what
this class is really all about?
Economics?
No. No,no. Don't ugh. He's
not... He's not entirely wrong.
An architect must be
economical in his use of space,
so,well done.
Looks like somne's
building towards an A,huh?
"We're seeing where things are going."
I'll tell you where things
aren't ing-- out of that bedroom.
- Not good enough.
- Not good eugh!
You-- why do you want
to be an architect?
I don't want to be an architect.
Yes. Yes,exactly.
It-It's not something you want to be.
It's something you need to be.
You dot have a choice,right?
None of you has a choice. No questions!
"We're Barnman and Robin."
Oh,come on,you got to admit,
that's kind of fun,Lily.
Not good enough.
Not good enough!
So if any of you have even the slightest
inclination to do anything with your life
other than become an archite,
you're wasting my time and yours.
There's the door You can go.
*******
Wait,wait,wait. Don't-Don't all leave!
Architecture's fun! Look!
I brought a hacky sack!
SorrI'm late,everyone.
My name is Professor Calzonetti.
This is Economics 305.
You may return to your seats.
Uh,sorry,sir. This
is,uh,Architecture 101.
Who invited their dad,right?
Young man, for the last 28 years,
Economics 305 has been taught
right here inuilding 14,room 7.
Uh,yeah.
Buddy,I'm sure 200 architecture students
antheir professor all got the room wrong.
T-Dawg, you're in the wrong room,bro.
****** Sorry. Comg through.
Excuse me.
20 minutes late on your first day?
That's rough.
Yeah,but here's the funny thing.
By that point, I didn't have time to think
about what kind of teacher I was going to be.
I just got up there and
talked about architecture.
And it was kind of great.
- That's awesome,Ted.
- Yeah. Congratulations,buddy.
- Thanks.
- Nice job,Ted.
Hey,Ted,door five!
- Were you there?
- Yeah,I got you, buddy.
They still haven't had the talk,huh?
I think I know how to speed things up
Oh,not cool!
Pancakes,fresh bacon.
It is so yummy.
Uh,dude, I'm starving. Let's...
Let's just have the
stupid talk. Come on.
Fine.
But how do these this
even work? What do we say?
********
Oh,my God, that sounds so cheesy.
- I know,right?
- Totally.
But,um, where-where do you
see this relationship going?
I don't know.
I mean, it's not like I don't like you.
I just haven't had a
girlfriend for a long time.
I hope that doesn't make you mad.
Mad? I feel the same way.
I suck at relationshs.
I mean, exceptith Ted.
Man,he really got it right.
I know it's a clich? but he
really ruined me for other men.
Of course,I wasn't in the
room for this conversation,
but I have to imagine bin
said something like that.
Maybe we should go back
to being jt friends.
Maybe.
But,um, I don't want to stop having sex.
Oh,good. Me,neither.
- Yeah. Friends isn't gonna work.
- Nope.
Oh,we're not good at being friends. We're nogood
at being in a relationship. Wh are we good at?
I know something we're good at.
I don't know. If we're gonna do it
again, I'm gonna need some Gatorade,or...
No! No,t that. Lying.
Oy,think about it. We spent the whole
summer lying about being just friends.
Why not just keep lying?
- Really?
- Yeah. Really.
We sat down. We had the talk.
- Barney's my boyfriend now.
- And Robin's myirlfriend.
I know it sounds nuts,
but it feels good to say.
We're both afraid ofommitment, but,the fact
is, we also can't live without each other.
And if the alternative is not being together,
then it's worth taking this risk 'cause...
she's awesome.
And he's awesome. He lks nice in a suit.
She n handle her Scotch.
He's my boyfriend.
And she's my girlfriend.
Good enough!
She bought it.
Hook,line,and sinker. are good.
Oh,totally.
So,yowant to get some breakfast?
You know,brunch actuall
does sound kind of good.
Well,lead the way, sweetie pie.
Wh! Fl gelhorn.
Yeah,that felt wrong.
You do realize they were lying,right?
No,Ted. ey don't realize
they weren't lying.
*******
Oh,hello. Hello. Good
evening. Hello. Don't get up.
Didn't we meet on a yacht? Hello.
- What?
- Oh,no!
Did I not tell you guys
that it was Tuxedo Night?
Doesn't feel very good,does it?
-=http://sfile.ydy.com=-
proudly presents